com/hadeelNQ/myapplication/BuildConfig.java
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.BuildConfig
com/hadeelNQ/myapplication/databinding/ActivitySplachBinding.java
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.databinding.ActivitySplachBinding
com/hadeelNQ/myapplication/ui/UserInfoException.java
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.ui.UserInfoException
com/hadeelNQ/myapplication/ui/BMIRecordHolder.java
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.ui.BMIRecordHolder
com/hadeelNQ/myapplication/ui/BMIRecord.java
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.ui.BMIRecord
com/hadeelNQ/myapplication/ui/FireBaseConnect.java
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.ui.FireBaseConnect
com/hadeelNQ/myapplication/ui/BMIRecordAdapter.java
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.ui.BMIRecordAdapter
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.ui.BMIRecordAdapter$hadViewHolder
com/hadeelNQ/myapplication/splachActivity.java
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.splachActivity
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.splachActivity$1
com/hadeelNQ/myapplication/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/hadeelNQ/myapplication/databinding/ActivityNewRecordBinding.java
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.databinding.ActivityNewRecordBinding
com/hadeelNQ/myapplication/databinding/ActivityAddFoodBinding.java
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.databinding.ActivityAddFoodBinding
com/hadeelNQ/myapplication/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/hadeelNQ/myapplication/databinding/ActivityDataBinding.java
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.databinding.ActivityDataBinding
com/hadeelNQ/myapplication/databinding/CustomItemBinding.java
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.databinding.CustomItemBinding
com/hadeelNQ/myapplication/Data.java
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.Data
com/hadeelNQ/myapplication/databinding/ActivityFoodListBinding.java
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.databinding.ActivityFoodListBinding
com/hadeelNQ/myapplication/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/hadeelNQ/myapplication/ui/User.java
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.ui.User
com/hadeelNQ/myapplication/newRecord.java
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.newRecord
com/hadeelNQ/myapplication/FoodList.java
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.FoodList
com/hadeelNQ/myapplication/register.java
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.register
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.register$1
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.register$1$1
com/hadeelNQ/myapplication/home.java
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.home
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.home$1
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.home$2
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.home$3
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.home$4
com/hadeelNQ/myapplication/MainActivity.java
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.MainActivity
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.MainActivity$1
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.MainActivity$1$1
com/hadeelNQ/myapplication/AddFood.java
 com.hadeelNQ.myapplication.AddFood
